-- arch/nios2/patches

Xenomai needs special kernel support to deliver fast and deterministic
response time to external interrupts, and also to provide real-time
services highly integrated with the standard Linux kernel.

This support is provided by the interrupt pipeline (aka I-pipe) in the
form of a kernel patch you have to apply against a vanilla kernel
tree, before you attempt to compile the Xenomai codebase against the
latter kernel.

Apply one of the patches found into this directory against the
corresponding kernel release. You may want to have a look at the
README.*INSTALL guides at the top of the Xenomai tree for more
information.

This directory only contains the most recent patches; you may find the
complete collection of I-pipe patches at the following locations (see
note):

* all existing I-pipe patches for the nios2 architecture:
http://download.gna.org/adeos/patches/v2.6/nios2/

NOTE: not all older patches are guaranteed to work with the current
Xenomai release.  However, there is a good chance most of them do,
since we try hard to maintain backward compatibility.  For the NIOS2
architecture, I-pipe patches are based on Thomas Chou's
<thomas@wytron.com.tw> public tree [1].

NOTE: Xenomai 2.6.x for the nios2 architecture is based on the
'nios2mmu' branch from the reference git tree [2]. All prior patches
for 2.6.30 based on the 'test-nios2' branch from the latter tree are
not supported over 2.6.x. People who need the former MMU-less support
should stick with Xenomai 2.5.x.

Patch			        Based on GIT commit # / TAG
------------------------------------------------------------------------

2.6.35				e3b9b6407018eb00998a122925f4c88f6f0e9a7c

[1] git://sopc.et.ntust.edu.tw/git/linux-2.6.git
